[Music]
Namo Master Chuc Nam Huong Van Great Head Monk.
We sincerely pay homage to the
founding master. Today, we, the Buddhist followers of the Golden
Chrysanthemum Club, practicing the Six Harmonies Dharma at Ba Vang Pagoda, have
returned here to visit Hue Quang Pagoda, which houses the relics
of the founding master, in commemoration of the 765th anniversary of the founding master's
appearance in
this world, bringing happiness to the people of
Dai
Viet and extending the true
Dharma of
Buddhism in
Vietnam from the Dai Viet era to the
present day. We, the Buddhist followers, today
rely on the grace of the Three
Jewels and the monks, and our teacher, Venerable Thich Chuc
Thai
Ninh, to learn and practice the Six
Harmonies Dharma that the founding master taught to the people of Dai
Viet. We are extremely
happy to have practiced the Six
Harmonies Dharma, and we see the value of the true
Dharma. In commemoration of the 765th anniversary of the founding
master's
birth, we turn to the
founding master, remembering a
king who followed in the footsteps of the Buddha
Shakyamuni, leaving the royal
palace, a shining example.
He declared that in
this world there is no
ultimate happiness, no
peace, no
nobility, only Nirvana.  True peace and
joy, from the glorious golden palace of the Jade Palace, has been
achieved, breaking free to return
to the
deep forest. Seeking the
truth, no words
can
affirm it better than the sincere actions of the founding
patriarch, affirming the value of Buddhism,
affirming the path to liberation from
this world. Nothing is
noble here, forever and ever.
This lesson for all
wise people who stop
here will reflect on
their own attachments and petty desires, turning their
hearts
towards the
true happiness that the
founding patriarch walked and
experienced.
Seeing their own desires as base and despicable, we
abandon them. Respectfully,
we, the founding patriarch, are very
happy. We are able to follow in
your footsteps, even
if these are the first steps of lay
practitioners.
Today, we hold in our
hands the daily meal of the founding patriarch,
a
king with abundant
delicacies in this world, yet he considered it as precious as iron.
Bamboo shoots
are the ultimate
liberation, just with bamboo shoots and
spring water, just with a begging bowl,
yet it surpasses all.  We, your humble servants,
offer
this offering to the sacred relics of our Venerable Founder
as a reminder to
abandon the suffering of attachment and seek
happiness. In our hands is the food
that our Venerable
Founder consumed upon attaining
enlightenment, and also as a
vow to follow in
his footsteps on the path that our benevolent father,
Buddha Shakyamuni, walked. We pray that our Venerable Founder will bless
us in
this lifetime, as citizens of the ancient and present Great Viet nation, to follow in his footsteps. Even before attaining enlightenment, may our Venerable Founder support us, guiding
us to follow in his
footsteps,
treating worldly glory,
wealth, and fame as mere worn-out sandals, diligently
walking the path of
enlightenment until the day we achieve Supreme Enlightenment.
We ask our Venerable Founder to bear witness to
us, all
Buddhists in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club practicing the Six Harmonies,
as well as all the people today,
turning towards our Venerable
Founder and his sacred relics with reverence.
[Music]
We offer to the sacred relics
of our Venerable Founder chrysanthemums, the
symbol of
unity, the symbol of the Six
Harmonies.  We humbly ask the Venerable Patriarch to bear
witness that we, the
lay Buddhist followers,
may diligently practice the Six Harmonies
so that we may attain Supreme Enlightenment.
We respectfully ask the Venerable Patriarch to bear witness to
us
[music],
and we, the Buddhist followers, are
extremely joyful
for the Dharma that the Venerable Patriarch has taught us, the
representative of the people, which is the Dharma of the Six Harmonies.
We all praise the Dharma of the Six Harmonies and encourage each other to uphold the Dharma of the Six Harmonies.
We respectfully ask the Venerable Patriarch to bear witness to
us and offer to the Venerable
Patriarch this song of the Six Harmonies, a
song to remind us of the Dharma of the Six Harmonies, a song to
remind everyone who
sings of the things they
are
doing, have done, and will do in the Dharma of the Six
Harmonies
forever and ever, never leaving the Dharma of the Six Harmonies
until the day they attain Supreme Enlightenment.
We
respectfully offer this to the Venerable Patriarch. Respectfully, to the entire assembly, the Dharma of the Six
Harmonies is the
Dharma
that Emperor Tran Nhan Tong taught to the
entire people of Dai Viet in the past, and it is thanks to the
Dharma of the Six Harmonies that the people live in peace,
happiness, and prosperity.  The Tran dynasty lasted a
long time, and it is thanks to the merits of the
Six Harmonious Laws that the true Dharma has been passed
down for a long time in the world. The
proof is that we today
practice the law of
harmony, and our duty is to diligently practice the Six
Harmonious Laws
so that
700-65 years from now, the people and
children of Dai Viet will continue to sing this song. Is
n't that right, great witness Duong Phat?
[Music]
Ha, no flower, golden happiness, Thanh Cao, sorrow,
withered, not even a cool, cool club, offering, Bang,
club, birth, worship, there is no
destruction, no heartache, now,
children will also overcome, offering,
joyful club, Buddhist Six Harmonies, club, worship, the
song is a
joyful club, An Hoa,
one body, flower, eastern master, two, peace, father, three, harmony, approval,
four, watering,
harmony, cultivation, five, nine, harmony, resolution, six,
flower, passing
through, where there is peace, where there is joy, where there is happiness, where there is
six harmony, where there is resolution.
[Music] The
offering club and the joyful club,
Buddhist Six Harmonies, Ha, Lac Bo, Ha  The Bodhisattva is
happy together, doing part of the work, the ancient Palace, the ancient An, the Buddha, the
Bodhisattva, the Bodhisattva, protecting the Threefold, the talent of the
Buddhist Dharma, the unique Dharma of the world
[music], the
world, the discussion of the army from the color of flowers of liberation, the club, offering
to the Buddha, the first group, liberation, helping everyone, the ancient Palace, the Bodhisattva is
happy, cultivating the mind, breaking the
Bodhisattva, the Bodhisattva, the Cuc Pha, the Nam Bo is happy, the club, offering to the Buddha, the
club is
happy. The Bodhisattva is a
Buddhist practitioner at
Ba Duong Temple, together cultivating the mind to attain the supreme path,
always together cultivating the
T to seek the supreme
[music],
we respectfully bow to the First Patriarch, the relics remain
in the
world, the golden body relics of the Buddha, the golden
body relics of the patriarchs, in the world,
preserving the true Dharma. Today, at the Tue
Quang Pagoda, we worship the relics of the First
Patriarch, together we praise the
Six Harmonies, making the Bodhisattva vow. May the Bodhi vow
remain forever in this Dharma realm,
until the day all of us achieve the Perfect
Enlightenment.  We
humbly request the Venerable Patriarch to witness our presence. At
this moment, we humbly ask to gather
together to venerate the image and likeness
of the Venerable Patriarch so that we may together
review the virtuous
conduct of the Venerable Patriarch, and the merits of the Six Harmonious Practices that the Venerable Patriarch
taught to the four assemblies of
monks and lay practitioners. We humbly request the Venerable
Patriarch to witness our presence.
Namo Venerable Patriarch Truc Lam Great Ascetic Buddha Hoang
Tran Nhan Tam. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni. We respectfully request the Venerable
Patriarch Truc Lam Huong Van Great Ascetic Buddhist followers, belonging to the
Phuc Vang Club practicing the Six Harmonious Practices at Ba
Vang Temple, to be practicing the Six Harmonious Practices. The
Dharma opened by the Venerable Patriarch was taught to the people of Dai
Viet. In the
past, we, as people of
Dai
Viet today, also practice the Six Harmonious Practices, and
we respectfully praise the Six
Harmonious Practices and make Bodhi vows to offer to the Venerable
Patriarch on the occasion of the
765th anniversary of the Venerable Patriarch's
birth. We humbly request the Venerable Patriarch to witness
our presence and invite the great assembly to
sing praises of the Six Harmonious Practices.
From the oil of pigs, even the
thick skin of the golden chrysanthemum, Thanh Cao,
even if the oil withers, it's not the
golden palace club, the club in the monastery,
even if the oil is difficult, it won't be,
even if the oil is difficult, we will overcome
it, the Phu Hang club, the An Ngui club, the
Buddha, the golden palace club,
the joyful club, breaking the Buddha,
one month, Hoa Dong Tru, two mouths, harmony without conflict,
three minds, harmony, four realms, harmony, cultivation, five, Tien
Hoa Dong, Dong Giai, Six Benefits, Hoa Dong country,
where is there
Six Harmonies, where is there peace, where is the six harmony, where is the peace
[music] Just
going to
sing, the golden chrysanthemum club, the joyful club, practicing the
Buddha's Dharma, the
golden chrysanthemum club, the joyful club, doing our
part together, the golden offering club, the
joyful club,
cultivating the Bodhi mind, protecting the Three Jewels, spreading the
Buddha's teachings widely throughout the world
[music] The
golden chrysanthemum entwines the garden, the color of
liberation, the golden chrysanthemum club, practicing to seek
liberation, helping everyone, the
golden chrysanthemum club, the joyful club, cultivating the mind, seeking
liberation  The Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the
Joyful Club, the Golden Palace Club, the
Joyful Club, the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club are
Buddhist practitioners who gather at Ba Va Cu Temple
to pray for supreme liberation,
always striving together
to cultivate compassion.
[Music]
We respectfully bow to the Benevolent Father, the Buddha
Shakyamuni.
Today is the
anniversary of the arrival of the first patriarch, Chuc Lam Huong Van, the great ascetic, in
this Saha world, following in
his footsteps for
765 years.
We
respectfully stand before the Benevolent Father, the original teacher.
We remember
that before his
passing, he gave us precious words of advice,
true teachings, comforting and reassuring words,
that all those who deserved to be saved,
he had saved, and the
remaining ones would be continued by his disciples.
[Music] We
respectfully
stand before the
Benevolent Father, the Buddha Shakyamuni.
With us, the
first patriarch Chuc Lam Huong Van, the great ascetic,
is
his great disciple.
Both
practices proclaimed by the Benevolent Father, the
Ascetic Dharma and the Dharma of
Harmony, if practiced by anyone, will ensure the true Dharma endures
in the world for a long time.
Both practices were
fully accomplished by the first patriarch, Chuc Lan Huong Van, the great ascetic,
in the Dharma of self-enlightenment and enlightening others. The
first patriarch himself practiced asceticism and
then taught the people to practice it. The
first patriarch, Hoang Duc, followed the example
of the Benevolent Father, abandoning the
royal palace and walking the supreme path
to achieve
nirvana. For us, the first patriarch Chuc Lan Huong Van, the great ascetic, is a great disciple of the Benevolent Father, the Buddha Shakyamuni. Today, at Hoa Huong Pagoda, we respectfully offer all kinds of offerings to the
Three Jewels, to the
Buddhas, to the Dharma, to the Sangha,
hoping that the true Dharma
will endure in the world for a long time.
We also hope for a miraculous and wondrous event, that
someone like the first
patriarch will appear and
continue to extend the lineage of the
Buddha Dharma in
this world, as a refuge for all beings.  We humbly
beseech the benevolent Father, the
Buddha Shakyamuni, to bear
witness to
our sincere offerings so that our wishes may
be fulfilled.
We humbly offer
[music] [
music]
K [